if you're holding a smartphone today you
have access to more computing power and
more information than the president of
the united states did 20 years ago think
about that for a moment right so with
that the concept of career becomes
slightly outdated because anyone today
can learn how to earn an income online
if they have the right dedication and
the right skillset
everybody welcome to impact theory our
goal with this show and company is to
introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is
one of the most impactful educators and
entrepreneurs of our generation with 700
and a beat-up laptop he launched what
would become mindvalley one of the most
successful edutech companies on the
planet with a global user base of over
three million people between his online
courses and his real world university
mindvalley u he is directly taking on
traditional education and hoping to
create the biggest shift in human
consciousness in a single generation and
he is well on his way starting from
scratch he built a global empire
comprised of some 300 employees from
countless countries all over the world
and created such powerful tools as
omvana which has been the highest
grossing health and fitness app on the
itunes store in more than 30 countries
dormio which is one of the most
downloaded health and fitness apps in
the us and mindvalley quests which is
revolutionizing at home education he
takes a no bs approach to what it would
take to really thrive in today's world
and as such his innovative curriculum
curates radically new ideas from the
greatest teachers around the world even
at a quick glance it's easy to see he's
assembled what is arguably the most
diverse and well-respected group of
instructors anywhere he's also a
hyperactive philanthropist who's on the
innovation board of the xprize was named
the transformational leadership council
and through his project renaissance is
aiming to make his home of kuala lumpur
one of the top 20 cities in the world to
launch a startup so please help me in
welcoming the new york times and amazon
bestselling author of the code of the
extraordinary mind vision la kiani
how are you doing
so glad to be back on the show this is
so exciting glad to have you here it's
always fun a to have a guest back i
really enjoy because we get to go and
cover new stuff and go a little bit
deeper than we went last time but then b
just we actually know each other so it's
nice to like see how
the more things i learned about you
we're able to talk about that on the
show likewise man and congratulations on
the massive growth of the show i mean
you've got an incredible fan base and uh
i always tell people like if there's one
thing they need to do on youtube
one channel they should really subscribe
to to really get mind-blowing
educational content it's impact theory
wow that means a lot from the master of
modern education so thank you very much
it's very kind speaking of education and
this actually isn't a setup though no
one is going to believe that we did not
rehearse that before we came on tell me
about this new concept that you have of
transformational education
transformational education to me is the
most important type of education the
single most type of important type of
education you want to invest in for
yourself and that you want to put your
children through so
first let me define what that is right
transformational education covers the
education that
many of our institutions forgot to teach
us it's about wisdom it's about
mindfulness it's about taking care of
your body your mind your health your
emotional states it's about being a more
conscious parent being a more conscious
lover it's about
how to deal with those days when you
might wake up one day feeling depressed
or sad and how do you deal with that
schools don't teach us that stuff and
here's why transformational education is
so important if you think about the
human experience what really matters is
not so much your grades or the job that
you have all of these are mean schools
they are a means to an end right but if
you asked a human being to to share with
you the moments in life that they're
most grateful for all of those more
moments often deal with inner states
it's falling in love it's carrying your
first child in your arm it's it's the
joy of like accomplishing your first big
win and all of these all of these uh
states of happiness states of joy states
of human connectivity transformational
education shows you how to get there
faster without the [__] without the
dogma without the unnecessary toiling
towards a degree and then that job that
society says you need and then that that
career part then breaking yourself
working nine to five on something you
hate
and the reason it's so important is
because the world is changing at an
exponential rate um
i
was having dinner in palo alto a couple
of years ago and we were at this this
big event it was an x prize event and
you're familiar with x prize and
all of a sudden this dude sits in front
of me and this guy happens to be the ray
kurzweil right google's vp of technology
one of the the most the most brilliant
minds in technology so we start talking
and he starts talking about artificial
intelligence and where the world is
going and he shares with me these
mind-blowing things he says by 2029
on your smartphone we will have the
equivalent of iron man's job is so so
but you're a comic book geek obviously
but for those who aren't comic book
geeks i'm sure you've seen iron man and
iron man tony stark he shows up at a
skyscraper in new york and there's this
robot this ai that basically runs
everything not a human being in sight
just a robot running everything and he
calls it jarvis right because if you
have an ai running your life you you
probably want to name it after a fancy
british butler
so
ray kurzweil says that by 2029 on our
smartphone all of us will have the
equivalent of personalized artificial
intelligence you can call it anything
you want rose jarvis nancy whatever but
this ai will be able to run your life
for you all the knowledge that we are
currently learning in school will be in
our extended brain and so what then
should we be studying because history
geography everything is going to be on
our personalized ai so the most
important thing to teach people is
transformation it's to teach people how
to expand their world views to teach
people how to know how to take care of
their health how to stay healthy how to
how to practice longevity practices how
to go within when they're feeling sad
how to practice meditation and
mindfulness this is the most important
education and it's a massively growing
field and what we're trying to do is
bring order to it and bring together
some cutting edge tech and some really
remarkable teachers and make this form
of education blow up across the world we
we're going to get it into every company
in the fortune 500 and our goal is to
get it into a hundred national schooling
systems i love it dude and it's a huge
goal and i know that you're talking
openly now about affecting a billion
people giving yourself 20 years to pull
it off
having this huge shift in consciousness
i love that
now i want to go a level deeper let's
start breaking some of those down some
of the topics and really get into what
are just some key points that people can
take away with and really rock so
i've heard you talk in the past where
you just start with the
diet and exercise basically right so i'm
assuming by the way that
transformational um
education is really the core curriculum
of mindvalley u it is the it's the only
thing we talk about at mindvalley all
right so i know that you're not the
teacher but what are some of the key
things that sound really interesting the
psychology and um you're using
technology i actually don't know what
you guys are doing there
so how are you bringing those two
together what does that curriculum look
like just like a couple of bullet points
on it well so
we look we look at the human being from
five different verticals okay the first
vertical is mind and spirit and so and
and by the way this is a really good
matrix to view your life the first
vertical is mind and spirit what
practices do you have in place to truly
go within to tap into your intuition to
practice mindfulness and meditation and
this is becoming increasingly important
there's a book that just came out called
altered traits and there's this
mind-blowing graph in that book and that
graph shows how research and meditation
is going through an exponential curve
now what this means is that
there have been almost
far more studies on the health benefits
of meditation in the last five years
than they were in the last 30 years and
so we're stumbling upon something really
powerful here and as a result according
to this book 44 of the fortune 100 this
year will have meditation programs for
their employees so that's one huge
pillar
while we're there so
do you know what kind of or maybe what's
the most effective meditation practice
that you guys have like what is so if
somebody watching right now wants a few
takeaways that they can start and like
literally finish the video and start
doing right um what are some key things
because i i would love to hit all five
it's always i know it's so hard in the
view when you're like i have five and oh
god are we on three
so i'll try not to [__] you up too much
with that but okay so number one
meditation like what are some key things
that either you're seeing being done in
the fortune 500 or that you guys do like
what what's having that big impact
exactly so so the big thing the big
thing to understand is that
in western civilization
we are trained to exist in what what you
could call a monophasic state of
awareness right which means we think of
consciousness as primarily existing in
the beta or the waking state so you and
i are conscious right now
and we are existing in one particular
level of consciousness but if you look
at indigenous cultures people in
indigenous cultures they they operate in
multiple levels of consciousness for
example i spent some time with a tribe
called the achua in the amazon
rainforest in the achara they have this
weird ritual
at 4am the families get up and they come
together around a campfire and they
drink tea at 4 a.m and they discuss
their dreams see the achua believe and
they communicate with tribes across the
rainforest through their dreams they
believe that the dream world is as real
as a physical world right now now that
is tapping into a different state of
consciousness now whether that's true or
not doesn't matter the point is they
believe that they are multiple or
polyphasic states of consciousness so
meditation actually gets you to go away
from a single state and tap into altered
states
and there's a powerful thing that's
happening as people are studying
meditation as people are studying
mindfulness what scientists are
discovering is that it has this
incredible impact on almost every
dimension of your life if you just
go to google news and type in meditation
study you'll see thousands upon
thousands of results everything from
improving skin to improving eyesight to
improving um
your performance on intelligence test to
improving your heart health and nobody
truly understands why it works but we
know it does work i remember seeing you
speak on stage at a fest and correct me
if i'm wrong but you mentioned something
called thinkification right thinkitation
thinkutation right and and tell tell
tell us what you're doing when you do
when you think of tape
so for me um i use a very basic
meditation practice which is something i
want to get back to with yours is what
you tell people to do but i do box
breathing i found that doing four equal
sides does not work for me it makes me
feel out of breath so i've just adjusted
it to suit what's pleasurable for me
it takes me to an alpha wave state if
i'm stressed maybe it takes me 20
minutes to get there if i'm already
relaxed maybe it takes me three or four
minutes
once i'm in an alpha wave state which is
typically classified as being calm and
creative which is exactly how i feel i
feel wide awake feel really sharp
i'm breathing i do breathe in through my
nose out through my mouth
i get into that alpha wave state where i
feel like
ideas either from my subconscious or
just
normally disconnected regions of my
brain begin cross-talking right so i get
very creative
solutions to a problem that maybe the
night before completely eluded me
the reason i call it thinkitation is in
meditation you're not supposed to grab
onto your thoughts right which i
actually found frustrating and so it was
causing me a problem in meditation so i
thought well what if i just promise
myself that once i get into that state
then i can grab my computer put it on my
lap continue my breathing cycle to stay
in that alpha wave state but if an idea
comes it's interesting i will grab i
don't think of it as grabbing it to be
honest i think about as riding a wave
and so i'll write it really follow it
see where it goes take notes write it
down try to get back on the wave or
catch a different one um and
probably 80 percent of the good ideas
that i have in the business come from
thinking dating that's incredible right
80 of your ideas are coming when you're
accessing these states now that's what
i'm talking about you're accessing an
altered state of consciousness now
scientists can measure that if we hooked
up tom's brain to an eeg machine what
they would see is that you're probably
going into you're probably going to see
an increase in alpha waves and an
increase in theta waves
what science is finding is that alpha
waves which is what emerges from your
brain when you are relaxed right
is is very soothing it's very relaxing
and if you continue relaxing more you
get into what is sometimes called waking
theta data is the state your brain is in
every night just before you fall asleep
when you fall asleep you go into a
deeper state called delta but here's the
unique thing when you're at data ideas
flow in fact there's this legendary
story of thomas edison where and maybe
you've heard this he would he would
practice this napping technique where he
would hold a metal ball in his hand and
there'll be a metal tray below his desk
and he'd sit in his chair like this and
drift off to sleep and just as he goes
into sleep his hand would drop the ball
would clang on the tray waking him up
and he'd have his ideas now what was he
doing he was dipping into theta to pull
out ideas in fact there's this this
quote by edison which says this ideas
come from space it's hard to believe but
it's true ideas come from out of space
now isn't that similar to what you're
doing you're you're using your own
language but you're dipping into theta
to pull out ideas and you just said it
eighty percent of your business ideas
are coming from the state
that that is what i want more people to
understand we can tap into these altered
states to fundamentally make better
decisions to draw upon ideas and to even
increase our rate of getting towards our
ideas
so
this is one of the most powerful aspects
of meditation but you also said
something else which which i want to
pick up on which is the reason more
people don't meditate you said you said
something along the lines of i know in
meditation you're not supposed to latch
on to any thought right yeah
that's rubbish that's completely not
true see there are different types of
meditation in fact there's so many
different types of meditation i hate
using the word meditation rather i call
it a transcendent practice
a transcendent practice is any practice
where
you
you go out of the physical world and you
go within so meditation breathing in and
out box breeding is a transcendent
practice but closing your eyes and just
being grateful
for your life is a transcendent practice
closing your eyes and thinking
compassionately about someone you love
is a transcendent practice and
thinkitation is a transcendent practice
you're going within and then there's
modern meditation which is about
becoming better at the world meditation
is not about becoming better at
meditation it's about becoming better at
functioning in the modern world and so
when you understand that transcendent
practices are these beautiful things we
can tap into to get better at life you
see meditation in a completely different
way meditation helps you bend reality
there is a myth out there in the world
that i call the hustle me
it says that it's about hard work that
it's about working harder than the
competition it's about busting your back
for 100 hours a week i call [__] on
that because i also see people who take
who focus on themselves first who have a
steady meditation practice who learn how
to tap into intuition and then how to
visualize their goals and they work
significantly less but get far better
results you can hustle or you can
surrender into your inner space
and i'm a big fan of surrendering into
your inner space hustling to me is an
outdated broken approach that leads to
overwork it leads to broken marriages it
leads to poor relationship with your
kids it leads to aging faster don't
hustle it's a myth
all right so i'm the king of hustle so
right now you're going to convince me to
be and i'm actually super open i always
want a better answer than where i'm at
so
explain to me and obviously i've heard
you talk about this but i have questions
explain to me what it exactly means to
surrender into something so
so let me give you an example now you
said you're the king of hustle right but
i would actually debate that when i talk
about hustle i talk about the people who
believe
that you have to work an ungodly number
of hours to be successful
there is a much healthier way
so there are two different types of
people who are talking about
entrepreneurship today there's the type
of people who talk about
entrepreneurship purely in the physical
sense it's about the number of hours you
work it's about the number of phone
calls and of course hard work work has
its place but then you see the rise of
books by people like michael singer who
wrote the book the surrender experiment
and if you read the book it's kind of
cool this guy built a billion dollar
software company and he talks about how
he did that by surrendering by going
within by having a daily meditation
practice now in your case i believe
you're doing it you're also moving to
that approach but you're doing it
unconsciously when you when i listen to
you speak at a fest and you spoke about
how you sit down you relax and you
thinkitate and these ideas come into you
you're tapping into something tom you're
tapping into your intuition that is a
far more efficient way than trying to
hustle to get these ideas you're going
within so you're already doing one of
the first steps now the second part is
how can you
optimize your rate of going from idea to
reality
that's that's the second part of bending
reality and there are significant number
of tools that you can put into play to
to to help you do that by working on
your inner states for example one is
creative visualization there are so many
studies that show that what you
visualize in your mind you can help
accelerate in the world for example one
study called the finger abduction
experiment basically had people
exercise their fingers okay like
physically exercising your fingers and
then a control group of people visualize
themselves exercising their fingers and
what they found is that one group grew
finger strength by um um let's say about
the other group by nine percent really
close just by visualizing their fingers
now the same thing happens in sales you
can actually accelerate your sales
closing rate by visualizing the outcome
and we don't really understand how it
works but we know it works and the same
thing happens in your entrepreneurial
life when you get a clear vision of the
business you want to create of the
lifestyle you want to create you move
towards that faster
and so
meditation to me is not just about
going zen it's not just about like
focusing on your breathing it's about
knowing how to tap in which you do so
well and then knowing how to get clear
on what you want and to focus on that
vision for a few minutes every day
word that was very very well said all
right so that was an amazing
dissertation on the usefulness of
meditation
and then we were about to go to two when
i forced you down what was incredible so
i'm gonna make you do it again on number
two is to brace yourself but uh what was
number two so number two is uh body
right is is basically so the second
vertical in mind valley is um health and
longevity it's it's taking care of our
human body do you know that
there's a big difference between your
chronological age and your biological
age and science recently this was this
was a study like in the last one year
found that two people can have the same
chronological age that means they can be
celebrating their 40th birthday but one
could have the body of a 45 year old and
one could have the body of a 35 year old
they can be as much as a 10 year gap
and so i become obsessed with reversing
aging and so um going into the
biohacking movement i've looked at
everything from how can i heal my
eyesight naturally so i've been able to
reduce my eye power from uh 2040 to 2025
where i go from leading glasses 40 of
the time to needing glasses four percent
of the time so there are certain uh
exercises that you can do super slow uh
training
that can actually accelerate your
muscular development but many people
don't get this they go to the gym and
they exercise in the wrong way or they
eat the wrong food or they think it's
too expensive to stay healthy but with a
proper understanding of longevity of
nutrition of exercise you can add years
to your life so that is something that
we are so so so excited about
all right so those are two amazing
verticals number three so so number
three is relationships right um and
relationships are so important because i
believe the age of individuality
is ending today everything we do we do
collaboratively the world is just too
complex for anyone to strike it out
alone and so we need people in our lives
and there's a funny thing happening in
the world today this was a report from a
couple of months back i think it was bbc
loneliness is up 300 in the western
world and you know
this may sound surprising because look
aren't we more connected as mark
zuckerberg says with social media with
instagram with facebook aren't we more
connected than ever with our friends
well the answer is yes but on a digital
screen and apparently that isn't enough
so loneliness is up 300 percent
and among people like you and me the
further you rise up to the top the more
lonely it gets ceos 50 of american ceos
report feeling lonely but here's the
crazy part right tom
loneliness is as bad for your health as
smoking 15 cigarettes a day
it is worse for your health than obesity
so one of the things we're trying to do
at mindvalley is develop models to help
combat loneliness and so everything we
do every quest we we put people on our
city campus is all designed to foster
friendships so we create programs that
help you have better relationships with
your loved ones better relationships
with your children and we create
platforms like mind valley university
where
a thousand people move to a city
together and we create a campus on the
fly right with many of the world's
greatest teachers who come together
parents children entire families and not
only are people learning together but
they're forming tight bonds with others
so that you never have to feel lonely
again
and that's what that third vertical is
about it's about giving us stronger
social bonds one of the biggest ways we
transform is when we connect with others
and we have shared
shared meanings when we support each
other when you share your vision of the
world and i share mine or when we
challenge each other's ideas but it all
comes by bringing people together
do you think that that's only achievable
through like physical proximity or can
it be achieved online as long as the
like structure is right well
there's a there's a lot of science to it
right so for example harvard
ed diener the psychologist at harvard
did a very interesting study called a
very happy people study and he wanted to
figure out what makes people happy so
they looked at everything is it fancy
clothes is it warm weather turns out
there's only one thing that makes you
happy and it has a 0.7 correlation with
happiness for the record one is the
highest correlation means a perfect
match point seven is pretty damn high
and it was the strength of your social
connections now the problem with online
is that you have a connection but it's
their strength to it but when you and i
sit down in a cafe
and we have a deep meaningful
conversation and we are connecting
ideally looking at each other in the eye
um being able to see not just
text on a screen but
hear your voice see your non-verbal cues
that that creates the strength in that
social connection so yes you can have a
connection with someone online but
strength that's a different thing and
that comes from shared experiences
in the real world yeah no i'm totally
with that that study you talked about
with loneliness is really terrifying the
thought of it being worse than smoking
cigarettes and i really hope people
listening can
identify with that and
i the the sense of like it's lonely at
the top i have been very fortunate to
avoid because my wife is my co-founder
right um all right so those are three of
the pillars
pillar number four number four is impact
right and it's so funny hello
it's so funny right because we actually
use the word impact and
a lot of people confuse career and
impact
careers were designed to help us survive
so people get into a career because they
are operating on a false reality the the
post-world war ii reality which is where
we needed a nine-to-five job to survive
but today the world is changing so fast
today i mean if you just look at and
this is almost the fourth time i'm
holding up my smartphone but it
represents so much but if you look at
what we have in our smartphone we have
so much computing power in our hands if
you're holding a smartphone today you
have access to more computing power and
more information than the president of
the united states did 20 years ago think
about that for a moment right so with
that the concept of career becomes
slightly outdated because anyone today
can learn how to earn an income online
if they have the right dedication and
the right skills because again if you
look at the data according to gallup
of people globally
are disengaged from work and answer yes
to the question i dislike my job
87 percent which means 13 of the global
population and gallup poll 2 million
people 13 of the global population like
their job so there's obviously something
broken there but what does that have to
do with impact you were saying that
people need to differentiate between
impact and their career so i get it
people don't like their career but even
if they like their career doesn't
necessarily mean they're having impact
how do you guys teach that like well so
there are different ways you can have
impact one for example is true
communication
so you want to stack on these different
things one is is entrepreneurial skills
another is being a great communicator
another is being a great leader so we
have programs that cover these so for
example we we developed a program with
lisa nichols who i know has been a guest
on this show
and
and lisa nichols breaks down
how
she speaks so if you remember when lisa
nichols was sitting on this chair right
she told you her story and she and
you'll notice she was talking about how
at a certain point she was scavenging
for money and you'll notice she starts
digging into the corners of the chair
well in the mind valley program she
explains why she does that it's a
technique called show me don't tell me
and she talks about how if you want to
make an impact on someone you want to
get them to remember your story you
physically act it out as you're speaking
now as she goes deeper in that quest you
learn tools to get your ideas across you
learn tools to convince an investor you
learn tools to make your ideas heard at
work and thus you're able to make a
better impact so you're shortcutting
someone's ability to make a dent in the
universe to make an impact in the
universe
i love that hit us up pillar five so
we've covered we've covered mine we've
covered mind and spirit we've covered um
um health and body we've covered
relationship we've covered impact and
pillar 5 is what we call meta learning
so meta learning is the art of learning
how to learn learning how to set the
right goals for your learning learning
how to optimize your learning meaning
speed learning memory and basically
improving yourself in terms of your
ability to absorb information digest
that information and then turn that
information into real world results so
we call that category meta learnings one
of the programs within matter learning
is a program called superbrain which
we're so excited about because now it's
being deployed in schools in finland
right and um
the techniques are so cool so recently i
was giving a talk in munich and there
were about 300 people over there and
at the end of the talk uh on at the end
of day one people would come with my
book for me to autograph and as i write
the name in their book dear um
um
kirby or whatever i would look at their
face and i would associate that name
with that face and so the next day in
the class i could i kid you not remember
50 of the names in the room in a room of
300 people and there's something so
beautiful about that because dale
carnegie says the sweetest word to
anyone is their own name
and so when you remember someone's name
it makes them feel so appreciated it
makes them feel important and so people
loved the class and they felt honored
that their names that when they raised
their hand i could go all right kirby
what was your question right right so i
learned that from superbrain and it's a
it's a really simple technique what you
do is so again they're they're different
they're different tactics for learning
someone's name uh the tactic i use works
something like this so your name is tom
okay so i'm going to do this with you
and uh um excuse me because it gets kind
of embarrassing sometimes so firstly you
got to understand that your brain will
remember anything that is weird sexual
or funny right that your brain is going
to is optimized to remember anything
that stands out so um
um tom bilyeu so when i think of the
word bill you if i had to think about
something weird that that that that word
connotates okay bill you i think of the
phrase bill you as in someone billing
you someone asking you for money
so i am now
with that idea in my head i look at your
face and i try to identify what is the
weirdest thing about tom's face it's
your ears you've got really beautiful
obama years right like like floppy obama
yes so now so now what what i try to
imagine is that they they are they are
bills coming out of your ears so there's
tom and i'm talking to tom and his ears
are flapping like like dumbo the
elephant and there are bills coming out
of his years and he's billing me and
he's such an important guy that every
minute i spend with him i'm being billed
and now i remember the name bill you
right and by the way when you remember
the name bill you tom is easy to
remember you'll remember the first name
as well right so by so again it's
finding something weird in someone's
face
looking for the weirdest association you
can make to their name and then making
that association and training yourself
to do it faster the faster you do it the
faster you can do it and then you repeat
the name so if we were to meet for the
first time i'd say tom okay great to
meet you tom and then over the course of
the next one hour every time i see you i
would start with tom i would just repeat
that name and repeat that name and when
you learn to do this quick enough you
learn to remember a ton of names really
rapidly so that's the technique
that's fantastic all right i don't want
to run out of time there's one more
topic i want to talk about which is
you've grown really fast over the last
year i think when we last met
we you were at 200 employees you're now
at 300 that's 50 growth in just a little
over a year which is pretty insane so
what are you learning about teams what
are you learning about personal
development in
um in the workplace well one of the
things that that's exciting me a lot
about the future of humanity
is how i believe the nature of work is
going to change so right now work
extracts from you when we work it
actually makes us older because of the
increase in stress because of like i
said 87 of people today but caught in
the gallop dislike their jobs and when
you dislike something it takes it takes
a toll on you so work actually makes
people age it makes people unhappy it
produces sometimes negative emotions and
all of this have a tall on a biological
age i want to help
fix that because i don't think we can
continue as a human species in a world
where 87 of people dislike their jobs
and 55 percent of kids dislike school
kids walk to school and run home think
about that so how can we switch that so
one of my obsessions is turning work and
schools into an oasis of wellness
and that's going to become easier
um
to to to understand when you see how
rapidly the world is changing right work
is becoming grossly simplified because
of ai because of robotics we can get
more done in less time schools are going
to become more efficient and so there's
going to be this big space for
transformational technologies to come
into schools and work i believe that
we're going to see a shift in work where
where personal growth is going to become
a core offering in every workplace
companies won't just be paying you a
salary they'll be paying you by making
you healthier
and what this means is that you're going
to see and and in the book alter traits
the author shares the statistic 44
of the fortune 100 this year in 2018
we'll have mindfulness programs for
their employees but we're going to see
this expand beyond mindfulness we want
to change the way work functions so that
when you are part of a job
that company is actually making you
healthier and because you're healthier
you show up better you are more
dedicated to the company you are able to
give more to the company when you get a
job you're actually not just being paid
but you're being educated and so
companies corporations become the new
campuses of tomorrow they become the new
universities of the world they become
means to transform their employees into
a new type of human being and there's
going to be an error coming up tom where
it's no longer going to be about
companies asking their employees to be
engaged in the company vision
companies are going to be engaged in
their employees vision what this means
is that companies are going to care
about who you want to be and are going
to help you become that person
and there was this really interesting
study done right by again by gallup
because gallup does tons of studies on
on corporate culture and and the study
said that employees who answer yes to
the following question
my supervisor or someone at work cares
about me as a person
employees who want to say yes to that
question are far more engaged they they
have higher revenue uh per employee they
they love their work more they're more
committed they're more hard working on
all all the the the items that
um
a boss or a ceo an entrepreneur would
want to see everything levels up when
they feel that they are cared for as a
person and that's really what this is
about caring for people as as people
yeah i love that dude i love the way
your mind works and the way you think
about all this stuff is really exciting
to
me we are unfortunately at the final
question time but before i ask it tell
these guys where they can find you
online well um
go to mindvalley.com that's my website
and um but of course you know mindvalley
has a ton of different programs and
teachers follow me on instagram i do a
lot of writing on instagram on new
discoveries and new ideas and
transformation and it's just vision
instagram.com forward slash vision
v-i-s-h-e-n
and uh i have a really good um following
uh we we we discuss high-level personal
growth ideas and my following loves to
comment so follow me on instagram and
take part in those comment-based
discussions i love that all right my
final question what's the impact that
you want to have on the world between
now and 2038 my goal
and it's a stretch goal so 50 chance of
failure is to create the biggest
leveling up in human consciousness our
species has seen and this means
getting transformational technologies
and programs into every single company
in the fortune 500 and being able to to
work with at least 100 national
governments to change a hundred
different different national schooling
systems to inject transformation into
students
i love that vision thank you so much
thank you tom man
all right
guys here's the thing that i hope that
you really notice about this man
when you ask him a question he has
thought about the answer it is something
that he has spent an inordinate amount
of time really thinking about to get to
the actual answer of what he would have
to do to accomplish something i love
that i don't know about life book other
than what i found in the research but
knowing him i will tell you that it's
clarity it's ultimately getting clarity
on what it is you want on life want from
life and then the action plan that
you're going to need to take to get
there is that pretty good perfect that's
amazing literally just from knowing him
i'm telling you this is the way his mind
works dive in this is what you're going
to get from him is an understanding of
how much you have to think about your
own life
the level of clarity that you have to
have just being around him is going to
give you that kind of clarity you're
going to start asking the right
questions when you talk about
that your life is the average of the
five people that you spend the most time
with this is a guy that you want to
spend time with socially to see how he
thinks to see how he approaches problems
to see just how much he thinks about
this stuff and how [__] audacious he
is it is literally crazy he is
completely reinventing the university
system absolutely love it he said he was
gonna do it two years ago and he's
actually doing it so there's nothing
that i'm more intoxicated by than people
who know what they want and they're
really going after it even when there
are a thousand reasons not to even when
there's 50 chance of failing that they
go
after it
so
dive into this guy's world all right
guys if you haven't already be sure to
subscribe and by the way while i have
you just today we announced our new
partnership with steve aoki the dj we
dropped our first comic book if you're
not following me at it comics get on it
for those of you i still can't believe
some people don't realize we're doing
this this is a full-blown content studio
impact theory is all about making
entertainment that empowers people
that's it so check it out you can follow
me at it comics for this first journey
of the project that we just launched yay
i'm so excited it's called neon future
all right if you haven't subscribed here
be sure to do that and until next time
my friends be legendary take care
thank you guys
thank you so much for coming on man hey
everybody thank you so much for watching
and being a part of this community if
you haven't already be sure to subscribe
you're going to get weekly videos on
building a growth mindset cultivating
grit and unlocking your full potential